docs(pulumi): Add callout on aws-native package in pulumi-local (#1499)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/integrations/pulumi/index.md

## `pulumilocal` wrapper script

{{< callout >}}
`pulumi-local` currently does not support the `aws-native` package as it relies on the AWS Cloud Control API.

> Follow the [issue](https://github.com/localstack/localstack/issues/11523).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information, refer to the [issue](https://github.com/localstack/localstack/issues/11523).
```
